So, Anthropic just doubled your free AI
usage, but only for 12 days. So, if
you're not taking advantage of this, you
are leaving free tokens on the table.
So, you can see here that Claude have
announced, a small thank you to
everyone. We're doubling usage outside
our peak hours for the next 2 weeks.
Right now, basically, what this means is
that inside Claude, you get double the
usage you would normally get on weekdays
outside of 5 to 11:00 a.m. Pacific time
and 12:00 to 6:00 p.m. GMT. That means
double the usage all day on weekends as
well. And it's automatic, right? There's
nothing to enable. It's pretty awesome.
And this also applies everywhere, right?
So claw code on the free, the pro, the
max, and the team plan. So this is
applied to everyone, which is absolutely
awesome. And if you're not aware of
this, basically you get two times the
amount of usage you would normally get
out of Claude using this, right? So you
can use it inside claude web desktop and
mobile co-work cla code claude for excel
claude for powerpoint. You don't need to
do anything extra to get the usage but
you'll see higher limits reflected in
your usage out of those times without
any changes to your account settings. It
doesn't count against your weekly usage
limits. So the additional usage you get
during off peak hours doesn't count
toward any weekly usage limits and also
it runs out on March the 27th 2026. So
that's when usage limits will return to
normal. So that's really awesome update.
And one of the cool things you can do
with this actually I was thinking about
this earlier today is like let's say for
example you're using claude code right
which a lot of people watching this do.
What you can actually do here is you can
enable something called fast mode right
fast mode you can toggle on for the best
API on claude code which is 4.6 right so
if you're using claude opus 4.6 the best
API to use inside claw code you can use
fast mode. Right now what this means
is that essentially
when you toggle this on
I don't know whether this applies to the
normal usage limit. So just something to
be aware of there. Right. So you see
here it's kind of used as extra extra
usage at a different rate. Um, so just
be careful that if you're using this
with fast mode, something to be aware
of. But if you want to switch this off,
then you can just type forward slashfast
and then you can press down or on,
right? So if you press down, it will
switch it off. If you turn it on, it
will switch back on. Right? Just
something to be aware of there if you're
thinking about using this with uh fast
mode. So you have about 12 days left to
take advantage. All users get access.
And if you're wondering, okay, what does
a rate limit even mean? So rate limit is
like a daily allowance of messages you
can send to Claude, right? Normally you
have a cap, meaning you can only ask
Claude so many questions before it says
slow down. Doubling the rate limit means
you get twice as many messages before
hitting that wall. So if you normally
get 100 messages a day, you would get
200. If you normally get 50 coding
tasks, you would now get 100. So it's
free extra power that you can get right
now. You might also be wondering like
why did Anthropic do this? Basically to
say thank you to loyal users. They
specifically called out the people
who've been giving feedback on core
code, the AI coding tool. And the AI
industry right now is moving really
fast. So companies like Anthropic are in
a race to win over developers,
businesses, and everyday people. So
giving away double usage is a smart way
to just say like, you know, we
appreciate you keep using us. Another
thing that they've just released, if you
haven't seen already, is they've just
launched free courses. So on top of the
rate limit news, Anthropic quietly
launched something called Anthropic
Academy, right? It's free and you can
get access to claude 101 inside there,
claude code in action and building with
the claude API and you can actually get
certificates as well for completing each
course. You get access right here. So
it's at anthropic.com/academy
I think. Let me just double check. Here
you go. Right. So you can get access to
anthropic academy. Is that
anthropic.com/learn?
So you might be thinking okay what
should you do with the SU usage? So you
know if you're an everyday person it
could be blog post, social media
content. If you're a business owner,
could be like generating marketing copy
ads ideas, drafting proposals,
brainstorming new product ideas. If
you're a developer, you could be using
CL code, building entire AI powered apps
or automations, debugging faster. And
then if you're a student, like could be
like, you know, getting explanations for
top subjects or research assistants and
that sort of thing. So just to recap,
the offer runs from now until March the
27th. The total duration is about 2
weeks. The usage increase is 2x during
off peak hours. All Claude users across
all plans get access. The platform's
covered basically everything and it's
free. So that's it. Thanks so much for
watching. If you want to get all the
video notes from today. If you actually
want to get all my best trainings as
well on Claude, you actually type in
Claude inside the AI profit boarding
link in the comments description or go
to the AI profitboarding.com and we have
loads of trainings and video tutorials
on exactly how to use Claude and get the
most out of it. Right? So you can see a
bunch of different tutorials right here.
All you do is you type in Claude at the
top and you can get access to everything
with all the video tutorials and notes
as you can see step by step right here.
This is my AI automation community where
we cover loads of topics like learning
claw, how to win with AI, how to learn
AI automation, etc. And you can ask
questions inside the community so you
can get help and support whenever you
need it. You can also jump inside the
calendar here and inside the calendar
you can jump on weekly coaching and
automation calls, share your screen
live, ask questions, etc. Inside the
map, you can meet people working on
similar things to you locally in your
area. You can connect with them, DM
them, that sort of thing. And then also
inside the classroom here, you get
access to all my best trainings,
including daily updates inside this
section, which I honestly think is the
most useful. So you can check out the
daily updates inside this section and
just get new daily updates with video
tutorials and step-by-step guides as you
can see, including a six-hour course on
how to use openclaw. So that's all
inside the AR profit boarding link in
the comments description or go to the
arriting.com. If you're wondering, okay,
what are people's results with stuff
like this? So, you can see we have over
137 pages of wins and testimonials from
people um getting awesome results with
this stuff, right? So, you can see some
of the examples right here, some of the
cool stuff people are doing inside
there, um, their results and
experiences, and it's pretty awesome.